Subtitle by [www.gogoanime21.eu.org], thank you for faithfully watching at "[www.gogoanime21.eu.org]"
Heartbeat silent
Got the chapter
The mirage keeps burning behind you
street between
Close dependence
Happy people are more lonely
Can't even forget
I can't forget this entanglement in the past
run
Xiao Yan was not confused by Shen Yun's self-destruction
He caught Shen Yun's soul body trying to escape
Completely eliminate this threat
Fenglei Beige's revenge also followed.
To force Xiao Yan to show up
They united with the Hong family
Actually imprisoned the entire Han family as hostages
Xiao Yan believes that the Han family’s power is due to him
He will never stand by and watch
Regardless of the risk of life
Dare to go to the Han family to fight
Fenglei North Pavilion
Elder Lei
Must reach the potential of dinosaur joint attack
ah
Yeah Cao Kun
Take your life, boy
Can this be saved?
Wang Sun
ah
Come and help me
Um
It's Langqun
Quick win
Boy it's over
Why
The three of them have a large array of driving skills
It's not an option to waste it like this.
Any formation has its weaknesses
Then this weakness is not necessarily the person entering the battle.
combine
force magic
ah
How is it possible that there are three kinds of strange fires?
quick
Stop him quickly
Um
go ahead
red fire lotus
strengthen defense
Want to attack our field
not that easy
Thor's Wrath
ah
good
Since I am forced to fight with you
Of course you can't let me go back empty-handed.
You go too far
We are no match for him. Let’s go first.
Three Thousand Thunder Gods
As expected, the remaining scrolls are on these three old guys.
Ahhhhh
Those three old guys were actually defeated
That's all, it's better to leave first
ah
Xiao Yan Brothers
My Hong family troops were the first to do this.
As long as you speak
I am willing to compensate you for all your losses.
compensation
This guy is cruel and ruthless
It will be extremely difficult for our Hong family to reconcile with him
So this kid must die
Xiao Yan Xiao Yan
Give me another chance
I agree to you on any terms
Those three people ran away today
Just ran away
But just stay
ah
Xiao Yan, little friend
Thank you for rescuing the Han family from water and fire today.
I, the Han family, will remember this kindness in the future.
Presumably, Fenglei Beige will not threaten the Han family again.
Hey, if the ancestor is here
My little friend, I won’t judge the crowd with a small number today.
You're not hurt, are you?
fine
Now that the matter is over
It's inconvenient for me to stay for a long time.
Take care everyone
you are leaving
Then will you come back?
I will improve my strength in the future
Don’t be afraid of wind and thunder. Another snowfall in Beige
See you later
It seems that the injury has almost recovered
Um
Oops
It's almost the same as the injury.
But I found
Every time you borrow my soul power
There will be residual marks of the soul left in the body
It's not a good thing to accumulate too much of this stuff.
Well, using external power does have serious side effects.
You have to be more cautious in the future
Um
This thing is a little tricky
If I were in my prime
It's no problem to deal with these little troubles
Hey now
It's difficult
I remember the one-sided curse left by the teacher
There seems to be something that can remove soul marks
found it
oh
I didn’t expect that there are even single rooms like this in my collection.
oops
I am becoming more and more interested in your teacher
If there is an opportunity in the future
I will take my husband to see him
Um
Qinghundan sixth grade elixir
It has the effect of warming the soul
It can also cleanse the soul power in the body that does not belong to oneself.
The level is not low
But it should be possible to refine the materials
You should pay more attention in the future
Three Thousand Thunders Change God
Um
As people get older, they tend to get sleepy more easily
Young people should do their own research.
I have to go catch up on some sleep.
Although the complete technique is assembled
But the text is out of order
Obscure
Difficult to penetrate
This method of cultivation
Just write it down for now
Now I offend the wind
Lei Ge should avoid Fenglei Pavilion's sphere of influence first.
Go and meet up with the Little Medical Fairy and the others as soon as possible
take a look
Just take a look at it
thanks, thanks
This place is quite far from Tianbei City
It should be fairly safe
Now we need to find a city with a space wormhole first
This brother
Is there a shop nearby that sells maps?
That's it. Thank you very much.
Hey sir
Do you want to buy a map?
It just so happens that I have one here too.
And well made
You may wish to take a look
Sir, please don't look at this. This is a small business.
But the quality of the stuff definitely guarantees your satisfaction
Then give me a complete map of the Northern Territory
Oh, yes, yes
Hey hey hey you are too ink
Looks pretty good
what to do
Hey, only 30,000 gold coins
30,000 gold coins
Hey hey
Well
Ah, my lord
I see you have a very cool face
He shouldn't be from the Bone City, right?
Could it be that we also came here for the Tianshan Blood Pool in the Tianmu Mountains?
Tianshan Blood Pool
Why
you don't know
Oops, that’s too much to think about.
After all, every three years
There will be many young and strong people
Come here for the opportunity of Tianshan Blood Pool
Good little brother
Can you tell me in detail?
Oh, this Tianshan Blood Pool
It is said to be able to absorb marrow and cut bones
Help people break through bottlenecks
Even
Can it help the Dou Huang peak to advance to Dou Zong?
That's extremely magical
If what is said is true
Tianshan Blood Altar
It does have quite a bit of appeal.
hey-hey
It just so happens that the Tianshan Blood Altar will be opened soon.
Recently, a lot of people have bought maps of the Tianmu Mountains.
If you are also interested
I happen to have someone in the Bone City here.
The last map of the Tianmu Mountains
I'll be cheaper
Let me add the previous Northern Territory map for you.
Um
Just give me this number
wild leopard
If your news is true
It's worth the price
Thank you thank you sir
Sir, walk slowly
I'm getting rich, I'm getting rich
Hahaha
Hey, this adult
Tianmu Mountains? You?
check it out
This is in Huagu City
The last map of the Tianmu Mountains
Why
do you know
It is said that this time Fenglei Pavilion and Wanjian Pavilion
and some other guards
They all sent their core elites to the Tianmu Mountains
Look at this
He was obviously heading towards the Tianshan Blood Altar.
With these big forces getting involved,
10 places in the Blood Altar
I'm afraid there's nothing wrong with everyone.
This Tianshan blood charcoal
To actually face a force like Fenglei Pavilion
All are attractive
There's some trouble
I also heard
That Miss Feng from Fenglei Pavilion
Has been appointed as the next head of Fenglei East Pavilion
And he will also come to participate in the blood altar battle this time
Hey, there’s also Tang Ying from Wanjiange.
A master of swordsmanship and boxing
The strength is not weak
If the two of them meet
I don’t know who wins and who loses.
Hey, although these two are strong
But compared with the recent man named Xiao Yan,
It seems a little inferior, right?
Xiao Yan
That boy
One person can resist the three major fighting sects of Fenglei Beige
He also killed the ancestor of the Hong family
The strength is indeed terrifying
I don’t know if I can do it
Xiao Yan, be careful
This person's strength is extremely terrifying
You can sit down if you want.
I'm just about to leave
You and the three elders of Fenglei North Pavilion
I am not afraid of the Nine Heavens Thunder Domain Formation under my command.
Are you still afraid of me?
right
Xiao Yan
Who is it? Did you hear it?
This is Xiao Yan
He is Xiao Yan
Who is the other one?
I do not know
Look at this situation
Who are you?
I waste my life
Wasted days
Master of Fenglingmei Pavilion
It is indeed a strange fire
But with my eyesight
I can't tell which one on the strange fire list it is.
You can't escape, little one.
Do you want to get my exclusive benefits?
Follow Doupo Cangqiong public account
There are more exciting
Exclusive news from Fighting Sphere Animation
I'm here waiting for you to challenge
of attachment